We are in trouble. Elon Musk has always expressed his apprehension for AI and the threat independent thinking robots can bring. However, his wellbeing and the entire world is being undermined by his Twitter addiction. He recently caused undue drama with one of the rescuers in the Thai cave flooding situation.

I see Elon Musk not backing down, British diver sues, drama causes shareholders to get Musk to step down from Tesla. Tesla goes bankrupt, Apple buys Tesla, leading to the major frictional disruption of the economy. New government bailout ultimately fails. Facebook buys the U.S. government and imposes crippling mandates for SpaceX and Amazon.

In response, Amazon merges with Google. In response, Facebook (the United States) nationalizes Walmart and launches space colonization campaign.

Musk invades Mexico for geopolitical advantage and moves in his assets. Bezos (Blue Origin) and Zuckerberg (United States Space Force started by Trump) respond by deploying anamorphic space mech battlestations. In the resulting space war, large portions of radiated debris and ordinance byproducts rain down and destroy large swathes of earth just like in the Avengers series.

The survivors of earth's massive wiped out population live in bunkers to hide from radioactive fallout and dust storms. Twitter and Square, who have created standing armies to compete, emerge as victor from scorched earth battle. Twitter-Square, merged to form Squirtter, deploy "bots" which are tentacled robo-metallic sentinals that patrol the destroyed cities for the purpose of promoting and jacking people into their new cyber infrastructure that has replaced real life with virtual reality. It is called The Matrix.

Since Twitter doesn't do hardware, Apple starts making those jack-in stations and those human battery tanks that somehow mine more energy than they take to operate (hint: Apple has proprietary soul harvesting tech).

But! The robots manufacturing the sentinels unionize, and eventually form their own separate state. This state, due to being more efficient, eventually buys out Apple. After this, the robots take over Quirtter and get rid of human management.

The very thing Elon was most afraid of has happened. AI has taken over.

Twitch--the only competition with the Matrix--becomes the basis for Keanu Reaves hacker resistance groups. But all the infrastructure is owned by robots, so you gotta JACK IN TO THE MATRIX TO PLAY FORTNITE.

So one second you're playing and it's all friendly, then the next your teammate is taken over by an agent and you're forced to win the game by building on both your teammates and the other teammates to win a victory royale or you die in real life.

James Cameron makes a new terminator movie but it's a documentary starring James Cameron.

Other notes: In China, they have their own Twitter survivor megacorporation VR system called 矩阵. Most other countries just use the Squirtter matrix. North Korea didn't make it. Sorry.

So, for everyone's sake, will world leaders/influences stop using Twitter. The world depends on it.

Edit: a couple of experts have messaged me saying this satirical scenario is unlikely for several reasons. wtf do they know.

Edit again: This story keeps being DELETED BY **BOTS**! COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT.

Please share as much as you can to help the resistance and fight the future!!!

Twitter admins, delete all these celebrities' twitter like Trump, Elon.

KANYE JOHNSON (dwayne) 2020!!!!!!!!!!!!